We created a website to bring innovative assistance to people who are struggling with their mental health. About 44 million Americans do not have access to health care, which inhibits them from getting the proper care they need. We wanted to create a solution that provides resources and wellness activies for those who do not have the means to go to counseling or recieve help from a professional. On this website they will able to track their mood, journal, and participating in mindful activities. We hope that navigating through the various activities will help improve their overall mood. In order to guide a users journey through our website, we have implemented the Microsoft face API. We use this API to detect and track the user's mood/feelings after participating in various activies. This will help users who may have a hard time expressing their thoughts and feelings. Depending on how they are feeling, they will be presented with an array of activities and valid feedback that they can use. Some of the activities include meditation, breathing exercises, wellness talks, and physical exercises like going for a walk. In the journaling activity, a sentiment analysis was used to identify entries with negative sentiment. Once the program identifies a particular sentiment, it will redirect users to various resources that can provide the assistance that they may need. Some of these resources include information about the University of Illinois Counseling Center, group therapy sessions, and individual counseling sessions. We hope that this website will be of aid to those who may be hesitant about seeking help or cannot afford it.  
